Makes dns.only_passing easier to understand. (#14700)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

    UDP response, will set the truncated flag, indicating to clients that they should
    re-query using TCP to get the full set of records.

>   - `only_passing` - (Defaults to `false`) Node / Service health status can be "passing", "warning", or 
>     "critical". 
> 
>     When set to false, nodes whose health check status is "passing" or "warning" will be returned, but "critical" is ommitted.
>     If set to true, only nodes whose health check status is "passing" will be returned from DNS results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `only_passing` - Specifies a boolean value that determines if DNS queries should only return nodes or services with `passing` health check statuses. 
  
  If `true`, the query only returns nodes or services with `passing` health statuses. If `false`, the query returns nodes or services with `passing` and `warning` health check statuses. Nodes or services in a `critical` health state are omitted from DNS query results. 
  
  Default is `false`.
```
Thanks for working on this. At some point, we'll need to go over all of these to clarify the language, potentially reformat, and enforce styles per our guidelines.
